All right homework challenge I hope you enjoyed the section on hypothesis testing and now it's time
to put your skills to the test.
And today we're talking about spoons.
You are a consultant engaged by a factory which manufactures spoons.
How cool is that.
All right.
So the factory executives recently spent 10 million dollars 10 million dollars upgrading equipment and
processes in order to combat excessively high defects in manufacturing which were 23 percent at the
time which were leading to higher return rates from clients.
You have been asked to prove with a confidence level of 95 percent that the new equipment has improved
the situation and that the number of defective spoons has decreased to under 18 percent.
You have been supplied with a random sample of 150 spoons and found that 23 spoons have defects from
that sample.
So there you go that's your challenge for this section.
There are no hints.
This time it's all you.
It's all on your own.
Because you know everything you need to know to process this to actually get a result for this.
And you know there's a few underwater stones here that you need to look out for and maybe some excessive
information.
But other than that good luck with the challenge and I look forward to seeing you in the solution for
this tutorial.
And until then happy analyzing.